---
source: 
date: 2024-07-03
tags: 
up: 英语
---
# [[2024-07-03]]

## 对话

### 美食总动员
I think it's **apparent** i need to rethink my life a little bit. What's the problem?
First of all, I am a rat , Whick means life is hard, and second ，I have a highly developed sense of taste and smell .
- Flour, eggs, sugar, vanilla bean small twist of lemon
- you can smell all that？you have a gift
- This is emile , my brother. He's easily impressed.
- so you can smell **ingredient**s?
- He also happens to be the leader of our clan.
- so what's wrong with having highly developed senses?
### 紫罗兰永恒花园
- I've been in the hospital for 120 days now. My strength has almost recovered.
The movement is still a little difficult, but i can perform my duties. Please let me return to my post soon.

## 笔记
- I think it's **apparent** I need to rethink my life a little bit.
- First of all 
- Second, I have a highly developed sense of taste and smell
- have a gift 有天赋
- ingredient 原料
- happen to be 恰好是
- perform sb duty

# [[2024-07-05]]

### 美食总动员
**Turns out** that funny smell was rat poison. Sunndely, Dad didn't think my talent was useless. I was feeling pretty good about my gift , until my dad give me a job.
**cheanliness**. Never mind .
- Well it make my dad proud
- don't you fell better, Remy?
- you‘ve helped a **noble cause**
- noble? We are thieves, dad
- and we're stelling is Let **face it** , garbage
- it isn't stealing if no one wants it
- if no one wants it , why we stealing it!
### 紫罗兰永恒花园
- 没忍住直接看了一集英文版的，没记笔记，当泛听了

### 笔记
- **Turns out** 证明
- **cleanliness**
- **noble cause** 伟大的事业
- come along with